Standard Reference Text -1- Environmental Key Words

We show our efforts to help the green economy, creating business and value by recycling plastic waste. We focus on the positive impact on the environment and people through further growing our sustainable offering. We create technologies and solutions to advance a more efficient, sustainable, resilient and environment-friendly world for all. We perform detailed analysis to evaluate the significance of working activities that influence the environment. Our Environmental policy is also defined in the engineering phase which is an opportunity to propose technological modifications which can result in energy saving and cleaner emissions, leading to environmental benefits for the customer, stakeholders and the whole community. We are using only renewable energy. All our electricity is from renewable sources. Our electricity mainly come from solar panels and wind power. We demonstrate our commitment to this policy by striving to ensure that our actions have no or minimal impact on our planet. We have reduced our green house gas emissions. We are committed to promote decarbonization and better use of energy, continuously implement energy efficiency initiatives. Water consumption has been reduced and water has been recycled with innovative technologies.  It’s essential to protect water, not only for our business needs, but also for the sake of the communities in which we operate, because access to clean, fresh water is a critical human need. We also implemented a comprehensive water management system that includes a rainwater harvesting system. We have undertaken careful and comprehensive collection, transportation and final treatment of waste. Our digitalization of documents assists a paper-less approach which helps to reduce paper waste. We have successfully used innovative technologies to minimize hazard wastes. Negative impact on the environment has been reduced. During each audit we inspect environmental permits, waste management, and effluent treatment plants. We began an office eco-efficiency program aimed at reduction, reuse and recycling of waste. Each office has designated recycling bins. We have eliminated plastic from our packaging. We also committed to a plastic-free future. We have reduced carbon (CO2 ) emissions and reduced our carbon footprint of our operations, products and services. We achieved net-zero operational emissions. Circularity is part of our business model and we are expanding our environmental commitments to integrate biodiversity. We have started a series of initiatives to protect animal and plants biodiversity. We have been actively source sustainable green materials during our production.

Standard Reference Text -2- Compliance & Engagement

It is our policy to ensure that all activities contribute to the social and economic and environmental welfare of our stakeholders through efficient and sustainable use of labor, land and capital without degradation to our natural environment. Building our business based on ethical, moral principles, respecting our employees and seeking to understand and support the interest of the communities whose environmental resources we share. We have formed professional links with the Institute of Environmental Management and Assessment (IEMA) and participated in the consultation on Guidance for Greenhouse Gas Reporting. We have achieved the ISO 14001 accreditation. Our operational sites have been recognised by the environment agencies and the environmental protection agencies. Our suppliers and we have obtained all necessary environmental certifications. We check and evaluate our suppliers on a regular basis to make sure that all parts of our supply chain comply with our environmental and sustainability standards. We have joined the Climate Pledge Coalition. We have engaged actively with sustainable business initiatives such as the U.N. Global Compact. We are publishing end-to-end biodiversity footprint reports using the new Global Biodiversity Score (GBS) tool from CDC Biodiversité. We already set internal waste targets for ISO 14000-certified sites and a goal to achieve higher standards to protect water, soil, air, animals and plants.

